
Write about the following topic:

Some people think it would be a good idea for schools to teach every young person how to be a good parent. Do you agree or disagree with this opinion? Describe the skills a person needs to be a good parent.


The idea of setting up courses about how to be a good parent for young person seems to ignite
public debate. From my point of view , it's acceptable to offer optional courses from school, but it's 
not a good idea.

It's reasonable for people to come up with the idea above because of the following factors. Generally 
speaking, opinions about how to be a good parent is an advantage of students' social skills, young person
will have to interact with parents sooner or later. Moreover, advices on being a good parent might help young
persons better understand how hard to raise a child for their own parents, thus they may not waste their 
time and energy on meaningless things, or they may even be more willing to do something to help their parents.


In spite of this, it does not necessarily mean a good idea to carry on of above idea from school. For
most of the time, there will be a mother and a father(ie. parents) in a family, Schools can not make
parents from their students. Without the precondition of parents, I do not think it's effective even a 
school is able to invite sophisicated teachers to teach the lessons. After all, being a good parent 
is a matter of practise, you have to be a good spouse at first. Meanwhile, I guess it's not good
for the academic atmosphere of a school giving advices on how to be a good wife or husband.

According to my opinion, a good parent will first provide reliable environment for their children such
as a good place to live, kind-hearted neighbourhood. Then to choose an affordable, brilliant school and 
teachers may be another important skill, because children have to stay in school for long hours every day.
The even more critical point is to set up good example for a child. Children tend to learn more
than people think from the behaviors of parents.


365 words

finished in the afternoon on 2016-10-23
transcribed to computer in the evening.

